hotness TV sneaker Saturday were hot I
mean what tomorrow's Saturday today's my
Saturday but I mean I bitch I've been
slacking I mean I ain't work at gamestop
no more so do not me money was kind of
but cash I mean I found a nice little
come up nice little job I love and so we
back and they make up for all the all of
the sneakers releases that I missed all
the recent ones I had I had to make up
for I'm talking about she mommy I like I
had to make up so I mean let's get right
I had I had to make up a super soon you
gotten up oh oh houki guess 54 I if you
guess and you guessed it up I mean I'm
not gonna show it I'm not gonna show
this
I said I said I had the I said I had to
make up for big time so I mean we got a
box let's I see the number to ICU number
three what can it be mmm ramen by
mistake guess my rom skills is great
Hawaii still coming song shout out to my
son wavy but let's get to I don't want
to be making in boxes so hard to open
hmm this is just this just the beginning
it's gonna get stupid like this every
every week sneak a Saturday y'all know
sneaker saturday was about to get right
y'all like we've seen a couple big
releases on sneaker Saturday that we
don't have so I had to either hold on
you get it open there we go I mean I'm
sure we all decent in my room and Roman
numeral if you don't know Matthew no J's
see that action that one I mean license
I know that 23rd Concorde supposed to be
coming all right so take this off I
still got my cool breeze one somewhere I
can't find it
oh it's not a game out here is really
real out here had to be I mean I told
y'all I had to make up I apologize from
the bottom of my heart for depriving
y'all of y'all I mean sneaking news
talking knowledge and an expert my all
that I've been like the property also i
mean it's the first thing you always do
check the souls out icy blue soles to
space jam souls nice oh my goodness oh
I'm gonna make such it come up I get
paid right before the UH right before
the actual release date I'm probably
gonna wear these I'm a sudden ones i buy
for like stack on ebay i make a nice
little come up need to be playing around
they retail jones and all that we go to
flight club and we go get right i'm
talking about when we don't got no no
bug mo off what's that short marshals
when we don't go to marshalls when they
when they get the shipment of the
sixties and all or none of that stuff
all the foams the the cough drops when
they put them in the nike outlet for
like honey dollars like we don't do that
it's how we giving it up see we got the
most man
I forgot what these things is called I
can't get it up but you know I'm talking
about the shoehorn no joint you tell me
concours what I say one of the joints
what's new concours in December hollow
tips do where get onto over like Kimber
I don't really like 11 too much I think
the best the best numbers of sevens but
these are counter can't deny Candis is
really really nice this means i was
gonna get this mess because i miss those
two but Bobby it's all gravy I think
this week mcdo smidge maybe next week i
don't think i'm gonna make a video
you know cuz anybody got this mess
hopefully everybody at the Concours good
luck waiting the one and all that stuff
I think I have to do that got a nice
little connect I'm playing on TV I gotta
turn that is being see what's up with
all this free agency movement and all
that y'all the David started save da
Lakers friends well if we got any Lakers
friends y'all baby thinking David Stern
cuz it was over y'all was about to be
barely the FC which is Chris Paul and
Kobe in the West are you crazy no way
everybody would have got her and who
would have been playing five who would
have been playing the fall there's no
Lamar Odom no buying him come on y'all
better hope that the no pile of me and
paddle plain old England but he could
score yeah I better hope that tree don't
go through
nothing I think doesn't think that
sometimes about it sneaky saturday is
back that's all this was just a show
that sneaker saturday what hotness is
back it's not a game out of it come on
concours nice I'm out try got it kinda
cheesy